We have a bunch of questions for you, so let's go, let's go, let's go. So we don't want to weigh like 300 traces, but we want to weigh the problem. So we were thinking like probably there are some signals that are very likely that we can read stores. Trade registry is one of them, but every trace already does it. So I think our question is mostly about like what signals did you miss in the past and then you realized you should have thought about it. Yeah, so one is for open source software, maybe that's easy. When someone who's like very high value starts following a repo or starting a repo, so like if I had tracked every repo, that's like, you know, the founder of Hugging Face and Draper Pathy, like, you know, stars and just been less than blindly, I would have made an exceptional return. So something like that, like, you know, boom, if someone is top-notch and follows a repo, that's a good sign. One. Two, what I tried to describe, like, you know, let's say there are like 10 angels that I really like and then I noticed that three of them is following a guy on Twitter or they are connected with a guy on Twitter or I have like, sorry, or connected with a guy on LinkedIn or I have like all of a sudden 10 connections with one guy on LinkedIn. That's a strong signal. Spectre tried to build that, but they couldn't. Where do you feel exactly? I don't know, just like they send me shit, man. Like, I actually tried to test it. Like, I started like asking, like, you know, founders I know, hey, did you really talk to Sequoia? Like, no, man. It's like, okay. And I tried to test it multiple times and it just didn't work. So I don't know why. Like, what was the bad thing? Was it suggesting stuff that was already outdated? No, stuff that didn't happen. Like, that's why I feel like they were scamming me. What stuff? Like, they tell me, for example, hey, Omar, you should take a look at this guy. He is talking with Sequoia right now. I'm like, ah, okay, great, let me talk. And then like, no, it didn't happen before. But hey, this guy is actually like talking with founders phone. And then I go, I'm like, we never know this guy. You know? So it was just like fake information. Did you guys actually use EverTrace data? Is it helpful? EverTrace data? Yeah, we pay for EverTrace. This problem is something we pay for. Yeah. But just EverTrace doesn't do the social thing. EverTrace doesn't do GitHub. These are the two things I could think of. They don't. They don't. Because they have it in their. I mean, they have the Twitter thing. Oh, but maybe it's not. They have the Twitter thing? Yeah. It doesn't work. It doesn't. They don't have it. No, I don't see if someone is following someone on Twitter. They don't have this. They only show when people change their headlines or something. They do it on LinkedIn. I know that. I don't know if they do it on Twitter or not. That's on their website. Okay. But like, I mean. Fair enough. So I think the biggest value add would be like the social squirting mechanism. Yeah. So you guys don't want us to build another EverTrace again? You just want to build us something. So I'm thinking of this one feature is what I really care about. If you build another EverTrace with that feature on top, then you can just like go take the whole market for you. But if you just build this feature, I think it's something that we really care about. Are you only looking for like people who already built something in the past or also like new talent coming from uni, for example? It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. Okay. So you don't really care about track record that much? No. I just want to see like who's start to fundraise. And another offset. One guy pitched me this idea a long time ago. I don't know what happened to him. I saw like in corporates like Google or like, you know, an opening like such. There's a vesting schedule, right? And they were like, hey, what if I tell you when a guy is close to his vesting schedule? That would be interesting because usually people would wait till they vest all of their shares and then they go and build a company. And if I can know like maybe a month in advance, then maybe I can reach out to them. So that's also an interesting thing. But EverTrace does not do it. I don't even know what to say. Sorry. What do you think about the hackathons in general? Do you think the winners tend to be attractive for you? What do you mean? Hackathons. Hackathons happening for example. Ah, you mean that. Probably not. It's interesting to know, but I mean how many of them will build a company, you know? Like it's good to have. It's depending on who is organizing hackathons like that. Yeah. Kind of hackathon each year. Interesting to know. But I would say like, you know, it's very actionable, right? Because I'm like, okay, you want that hackathon? Good. Now what? Now what, you know? Like maybe if you want a hackathon and there's something crazy about it, then I would reach out. But it's a metric. So basically it's a formula and then maybe that guy has won a hackathon. Then maybe he's following somebody. Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a metric. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean that. It's just one piece of it. And can you also tell us about a deal that you really wanted but you lost? Something that might have happened, right? A lot, a lot, a lot. And what could be the potential reason why it happened? I didn't even know this happened. I just found out after the hackathon. Why? Think about it. You met the guy from Lava, right? How should I know? I know by VC sharing information, right? No one's going to tell you, hey, I met this amazing guy who built two companies before. Right? So the people who met him in Sweden, they knew about it. That's why there's only Swedish investors there. They didn't touch someone in Germany. And the guy from Lava built already then two? He built two or three companies before and didn't succeed actually. He didn't succeed before. That was his third startup, you know? Okay. So you are from Sweden. You meet this guy. You know that he tried to build two companies before. It didn't work out. Then he joined Sana, which is a very good company. Now he's building this cool thing, right? Why would you come and tell me in Germany that this round is happening, right? You tell me. I got to know the moment they signed. Like my friend told me, oh, by the way, we signed this guy. I was like, okay. I didn't care about it. Then I'm like, oh, fuck. You know? It's too late. Now imagine if he had a second hand. He actually first published GPT Engineer. And it got like 30K stars. Maybe you could have told me that. Actually, the 30K stars that this guy got, right? 30K stars? Yeah. On GitHub, you know? Like he first launched Lava, it was called GPT Engineer. So, okay. It doesn't have been a good signal, right? And then you tell me, hey, by the way, Omar, five of your VC friends are already connected with that guy. Reach out. I would have had a chance to get this deal. You know? Same thing with Legora, for example. So, Legora, it was a YC company. It was a public. But YC now has like 200 companies. I'm not going to scrape every fucking company. So, maybe someone will tell me, hey, by the way, this guy is connected with Benchmark now. Maybe something is happening. You know? That's why, like, you know, the social signal is very important. And we lose. That's why I'm telling you, like, if you can do this, I'm 100% certain people will pay you. Because the alternative, I lose on LavaBit again. I lose on Legora again. I lose on all of that shit again. It's so painful, man. How much are you willing to pay? Sorry? How much are you willing to pay? I mean, I don't know. I mean, I can figure out. But, like, I think people are willing to pay good money for it. Where do you want to get your notifications at? I mean, WhatsApp, email, Slack? If you can give me this piece of information, I will open your web app or you send me an email. Whatever you want. Okay. I care about this information. So, last question. You saw the guy who presented a job at the end? Yes. He was basically a PhD student who did a project and then turned out to be a startup. Yeah. How much are you placing this in your daily scenario? Do you think PhDs tend to be going forward with startups? Is there an indication that you think so? Great question. I think it happens mostly with technical universities like TUM and other technical universities. In the US, people do PhDs in a company. But this guy, maybe you could have spotted it because he… I thought… No, no, no. He was in the ELA. No, but I'm like, yeah, like, maybe you could have spotted him when he registered in the I didn't expect that all of the VCs are talking to him. So, I don't know how high in priority he is, of VCs. Maybe he mentioned that he captured… So, he's doing a PhD and he mentioned that he captured these entrepreneurship skills from Big Atom AI. Yeah. Is this story popular? Is it a thing that we need to look into? Yeah. I mean, it's a signal, as you said, but it's not the highest priority signal for me. The highest priority is, I don't know, having all of the Swedish funds following the guy from Loveable before he built the company. Because, again, it's so painful. You feel like a fool. The guy didn't say anything. He just got the round together and then you hear the announcement. It's so fucking painful. This is in Sweden. How did you even… How would you have known? It's my job to know these things, you know? I mean, the best would be to create geographical markets for VC funds, for important people, and then see if they are all taking one unanimous action. Exactly. That's why… That's like level two, right? I would have been like, you know what? Let me build… Say, these are the pen companies in Sweden, these are companies in Germany. I just want to put them in your software and just track them, right? You can even take it to step two afterwards. But just like this, just this, it's so annoying. Did you say, do we have the list of VCs or something? You don't need to. I would provide it to you as an input, you know? I think when he said that, it's like taking even a step above. But just solve the basic problem and this will be the next step. But seriously, this is something I'm 100% certain, VCs would be willing to pay good money for it. And you already… Most of the people that you are interested in, in terms of angel investors and all of that… I know them. Connections. I'm connected with them, yeah. Basically, you have them on your LinkedIn. But are angel investors like a high-profile signal? Yeah, 100%. Angel investors, smaller VCs, even good VCs. They come even before VCs. Exactly, usually. That's why I'm always trying to… I mean, I don't know if Victor told you, but we use something called LinkedIn Navigator. And it wastes so much time where you're like, you know, okay, who is Mehdi connected to that I'm not connected to? And then you go over everyone. And then you're like, okay, maybe he met a guy at a fucking event, and he found him. But like, how do I know that? The best signal is if Mehdi is connected, and another guy is connected. How did you find the investment you're most proud of? The best investment? Yeah, like, an angel investor told me, hey, I know this guy for a while. He's going to raise. You want to chat with him. And we invested. Luckily, one and a half years later, it became a unicorn. So see, let's say the guy did not tell me that. I would have loved to know anyways, right? I mean, this was so lucky, right? What if he had forgotten? The day he wouldn't send me the email, he forgot. And how did the angel investor find out? Very good question. So the angel investor was active in a community called Sigma Squared. Sigma Squared is a network of entrepreneurs under 27. And this guy was also there. So they knew each other. Are you interested to get like recommendations, which people to connect with? Maybe in fields you are not really interested in? Very good. This is like a very good idea. I think it's step number two. Step number one is to solve the basic problem. But this is a very good idea. Actually, I thought about building it myself. I didn't build it. Can I have something recommending me, Hey Omar, you do not have enough coverage in Sweden. You don't have enough coverage in robotics, actually. Look at the deal flow you're getting. You don't have coverage there. Would have been a nice idea. But not the highest priority right now. I think we got all the points. Also, Lovable is losing a lot of points. Did you see that? Lovable? He's saying I don't know. Did you see their ad? So they made an ad, completely AI. Their marketing is kind of same. Made in Europe.
